Create feedback article (#961)
MicrosoftDocs/Contribute: Contribute/content/provide-feedback.md

---
title: Provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content
description: Learn how to provide feedback to Microsoft Learn content teams using the new feedback experience for documentation and training content.
author: carlyrevier
ms.author: cahublou
ms.topic: contributor-guide
ms.prod: non-product-specific
ms.custom: external-contributor-guide
ms.date: 02/22/2024
---

# Provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content

> This article explains how to provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content using the new feedback experience. This unified feedback experience is now standard across all products that publish documentation or training content on Microsoft Learn. The improved system:

Author: ```suggestion
This article explains how to provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content using the new feedback experience. This unified feedback experience is now standard across all documentation or training content on Microsoft Learn. The new system:
```

- Streamlines our procedures to efficiently incorporate your feedback.
- Supports global accessibility for non-English customers.
- Reduces the burden of providing feedback for the non-developer community.

> Depending on the repository, you may see a standard feedback experience and/or an open-source experience.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the repository, you may see an open-source experience in addition to the new standard feedback experience.
```

While GitHub issues are no longer supported within repositories using the standard experience, you can still contribute to Microsoft Learn documentation by [creating a pull request](how-to-write-quick-edits.md) if you spot an error or wish to add something.

To leave feedback with the standard experience:

1. Navigate to the article you’d like to give feedback on.
1. Find the **Feedback** link and select it.
    1. In documentation, the link is at the top of the page and in a larger box at the bottom of the page.

        ![Screenshot of the feedback link at the top of a documentation page.](media/provide-feedback/feedback-link.png)

    1. In training modules, the link is at the top of the module’s landing page and at the bottom of each unit within the module.

        ![Screenshot of the feedback link at the top of a training module.](media/provide-feedback/feedback-link-training.png)

1. Choose the thumbs up option if you found the page helpful; choose the thumbs down option if it wasn’t.

> 1. Choose a reason for your feedback. Optionally, use the comment box to provide specific feedback on the content.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Choose a reason for your feedback. Optionally, we highly encourage you to use the comment box (which supports up to 999 characters of text) to provide specific feedback on the content.
```

---
title: Provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content
description: Learn how to provide feedback to Microsoft Learn content teams using the new feedback experience for documentation and training content.
author: carlyrevier
ms.author: cahublou
ms.topic: contributor-guide
ms.prod: non-product-specific
ms.custom: external-contributor-guide
ms.date: 02/22/2024
---

# Provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content

> This article explains how to provide feedback for Microsoft Learn content using the new feedback experience. This unified feedback experience is now standard across all products that publish documentation or training content on Microsoft Learn. The improved system:

Reviewer: in a way this has nothing to do with products.  Can we just say "..standarad across all documentation or training content on Microsoft Learn".  Also, lets say "New" system not improved.  we have already been told by several customers this is far from an improvement.

> - Simplifies our procedures to efficiently incorporate your feedback.

Reviewer: the current list contains some that are subjective and may make some customers unhappy.  simplifies or enhances...and "respond" might be read as it get back to the customer which we for sure cannot even do anymore.  here is my suggested list..

- Allows for feedback in languages other than English.
- Standardizes the customer feedback experience across the Learn platform.
- Supports global accessibility for non-English customers.
- Removes the requirement of a git login for providing feedback.

- Allows for feedback in languages other than English.
- Enhances the ability of content authors to respond to feedback.
- Supports global accessibility for non-English customers.
- Reduces the burden of providing feedback for the non-developer community.

> Depending on the repository, you may see a standard feedback experience and/or an open-source experience.

Reviewer: Depending on the repository, you may see an open-source experience, in addition to the standard feedback experience.

While GitHub issues are no longer supported within repositories using the standard experience, you can still contribute to Microsoft Learn documentation by [creating a pull request](how-to-write-quick-edits.md) if you spot an error or wish to add something.

To leave feedback with the standard experience:

1. Navigate to the article you’d like to give feedback on.
1. Find the **Feedback** link and select it.
    1. In documentation, the link is at the top of the page and in a larger box at the bottom of the page.

        ![Screenshot of the feedback link at the top of a documentation page.](media/provide-feedback/feedback-link.png)

    1. In training modules, the link is at the top of the module’s landing page and at the bottom of each unit within the module.

        ![Screenshot of the feedback link at the top of a training module.](media/provide-feedback/feedback-link-training.png)

1. Choose the thumbs up option if you found the page helpful; choose the thumbs down option if it wasn’t.

> 1. Choose a reason for your feedback. Optionally, use the comment box to provide specific feedback on the content.

Reviewer: can we add an extra note, encouraging comment text, in particular if they thumbs down.  we could even note the Thumbs controls up to 999 characters of feedback.
